Add HTMLTable*Element.{valign|align} (#33035)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/text-align/index.md

### Table alignment

This example demonstrates how the use of `text-align` on {{htmlelement("table")}} elements:

> - it aligns the caption to the right
> - it aligns one column header (`th`) to the right, but keeps the other centered
> - it aligns each row differently
> - it overrides the alignment of some cells to make it different of the default row alignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{htmlelement("caption")}} is set to right-aligned.
- The first two {{htmlelement("th")}} elements use the default (left) alignment, while the third is set to right-aligned.
- Inside the {{htmlelement("tbody")}} element, the first row is set to right-aligned, the second is set to center-aligned, and the third uses the default (left) alignment.
- Within each row, some cells (c12, c31) are set to override the alignment of the row.
```

Note though that this assume you change the markup to put the three non-header rows inside a tbody.

### Table alignment

This example demonstrates the use of `text-align` on {{htmlelement("table")}} elements:

- The {{htmlelement("caption")}} is set to right-aligned.

> - The first two {{htmlelement("th")}} elements use the default (left) alignment, while the third is set to right-aligned.

Reviewer: I hadn't noticed, before, that the CSS includes a rule setting left-alignment for the `<th>`, and that in fact center-alignment is the default for table header cells.

So we should do one of these:
1. change this to say something like: "- The {{htmlelement("thead")}} element is set to have its cells left-aligned. The first two cells use this value, but the third {{htmlelement("th")}} cell is set to be right-aligned."
2. remove the `thead` rule in the CSS, and change this line to something like "- The first two {{htmlelement("th")}} elements use the default (center) alignment, while the third is set to right-aligned."

> - The first two {{htmlelement("th")}} elements use the default (left) alignment, while the third is set to right-aligned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The first two {{htmlelement("th")}} elements inherit the left alignment from the `text-align: left` set on the {{htmlelement("thead")}}, while the third is set to right-aligned.
```
Alternatively, remove the alignment on thead, and write:

```
- The first two {{htmlelement("th")}} elements use the default (center) alignment, while the third is set to right-aligned.
```

The default for th is center, not left.
In the table CSS for html it reads 

> :is(thead,tbody,tfoot,tr,td,th)[align=absmiddle i] {
>   text-align: center;
> }

never saw absmiddle. so now for that rabbit hole....

Reviewer 2: Do you want to add a note in the values section, at line 63, about `<string>`
```
Note: Proposed in 2011, but not yet supported in any browser, the value can be a space-separated pair of values;  single character `<string>` value followed by any of the above values, that, when applied to a table cell, specifies the alignment character around which the cell’s contents will align.
```
see https://drafts.csswg.org/css-text-4/#text-align-property

- Inside the {{htmlelement("tbody")}} element, the first row is set to right-aligned, the second is set to center-aligned, and the third uses the default (left) alignment.
- Within each row, some cells (c12, c31) are set to override the alignment of the row.

#### HTML

```html
<table>
  <caption>
    Example table
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <th>Col 1</th>
    <th>Col 2</th>
    <th class="right">Col 3</th>

>   </thead>

Reviewer: Also missed this, sorry: `<th>` must be inside a `<tr>`, or this is invalid HTML.

>   <thead>
>     <th>Col 1</th>
>     <th>Col 2</th>
>     <th class="right">Col 3</th>
>   </thead>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Col 1</th>
      <th>Col 2</th>
      <th class="right">Col 3</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
```

```html
<table>

>   <caption style="text-align: right">

Reviewer: The description is a bit weird now:

> This example demonstrates how the use of text-align on `<table>` elements, including `<tr>` rows and `<td>` cells.

...since it now includes other table elements. Probably better to say:

> This example demonstrates how the use of text-align on `<table>` elements.

Reviewer: And again, it would be good to explain a bit about what's being set here and what the effect is.

Reviewer 2: In general, to demonstrate best practices, avoid inline styles.

Author: I have improved the description and avoided inline styles now.

Reviewer: The inline style still seems to be here and at line 175?

Author: Fixed
